I run multiple cloud agents every day
doing research, drafts, video scripting,
automations all at the same time and I
don't lose track any of them. I open
cloud code, I start working then I need
another agent to do another task. I open
another new t okay then another and
another and I quickly end up with the 10
tabs and I don't know what's happening
on this tab and switching between all of
them just kills my flow. sessions go
stale and the context get lost and I had
this exact problem and in this video
I'll show you the cmax that toolled
enables managing all of them through one
terminal using the workspaces also the
orchestrator pattern it's a one agent
that spans all of our workspaces with
cloud code and it can control all of
them we take a look at the dashboard
which helps us to track the progress and
understanding what's happening with each
agent and verify its output. And finally
at the end we take a look at the full
loop where we start from our daily node.
Then we tell orchestrator to create a
sessions to do our work for according to
the plan. It going to spawn our
workspaces. All right. So let's get
started with a cmax and the cmax is on
the left. Here what we have we have a
workspaces and in each workspace we can
have a terminal and I can spawn
other terminals inside of this workspace
and I have a hot keys so I can like jump
between all of all of the terminals very
easily and I can also jump between
different workspaces and here is my
workspace for for this video. Now I can
create another workspace. Let's say
let's create another workspace. I can
also rename it. Let's say name it. And I
can run clock there. What else I can do?
I can also split PES and I can create u
another pane and here it could be all of
the clock code. So with that what you're
getting is isolated workspace per hour
our tasks which you want to accomplish.
Now what's really enabling here for CMAX
CMAX is programmable. Uh what we can do
here is we can actually programmatically
access the contents of our workspace.
And here I created the orchestrator
workspace. That's how I typically manage
my work. I have one main orchestrator
and then I have a CMAX skill that
explains how to use u Cmax
programmatically. Let's say I just want
to list workspaces.
And now we have this command line tool
which can exactly map the workspace and
its name and we have um the content of
that also we can read the screen of each
workspace. Let's say for this video I
was planning to for the hook and we can
ask orchestrator so what's going on in
the workspace about the video. Now the
orchestrator going to read the contents
of this workspace and exactly it gets
the output of of what's happening in
this uh workspace through this one
command just cmax read screen and this
way our orchestrator can have access to
different workspaces and understanding
what's happening there. What's even more
powerful, you can programmatically
interact with those workspaces. Now
let's say I I just want to understand um
so can you ask um uh this workspace uh
which we just read about what was our
progress uh to date send commander and
then okay I'm going to get here so you
can see I I'm not typing and you see so
the the agent just start talking to this
workspace [laughter]
that's very very exciting and now this
agent start working on that task And
then orchestrator sleeps for 15 seconds
and it waits for the response and it
starts waiting for the reading screen.
So you can see we got response from from
this agent. It understood that it's
still thinking and it tries to sleep for
more time and now it's going to get the
context from this workspace. And here we
are. Here's the context about what we've
done today. And this way we can enable
the communication between orchestrator
and different workspaces. Now this is
very very cool what what we just had
with this pattern. Uh we can have this
orchestrator workspace and orchestrator
can even spawn different workspaces for
our needs. Let's take a look at some
example. Uh let's say I just want to
spawn a workspace to review my daily
progress. So what I had in my daily note
and uh how are we doing so far? Let's
create this workspace where I can
reflect about that now. Okay. So
orchestrator get this command. It's
going to use cmask cli. It creates this
workspace named as a daily review and it
has this prompt read today's daily note
and give me summary of what's inside of
it. And now here is a clo agent start
working on that. You see, so it it reads
all of the files and it accomplishes the
task and you can see the pattern. You
can have isolated workspace for each of
your tasks. I think it's very very good.
But now the problem is um how do you
keep track of all of these sessions? We
can use obsidian and um obsidian bases.
So what I do for my practice is I have
this sessions base. So let's take a look
at that. Okay. So let me show you this
weekly dashboard. Uh that's a demo
dashboard um which I have in my
uh uh Obsidian base here which uh tracks
all of my sessions. And let's go to this
session. And the way it works is it has
a type in the front matter called
session. It has a title. It has a date
status and it relates to this dashboard
um demo week plan. And this way by using
this uh relation I'm filtering here
sessions which are linked to this uh
demo week plan dashboard. In this
session, we have a goal, we have a
progress, and have the outcome. And here
is also the definition of done. How do
we know that this session is done? Uh
this is the way I keep track of my
tasks. If I need to do something, I I
just write this definition of done. Now,
so what's exciting about this? Our
orchestrator can read this dashboard.
and let's show that. Let's do something
exciting. Okay, here is my orchestrator.
Now I can tell I want to read uh this
dashboard. I want you to resolve the
embedded basis and use obsidian CLI for
reading this. Just present me a table.
All right. Now we can load all this
context, all of this table in our
obsidian. So in our cloud code I had to
restart. I had to tell to use a data
view. It doesn't work with embedded
bases. Now I will try to use data view
for that. And here is all of our
sessions. Uh we have a file, we have a
status, and it's going to render it as a
table. Now we are on the same page with
the code. We display exactly the same
information as we have in this
dashboard. Now, okay, let's do something
exciting with all of that. What we can
do is I want to spawn workspaces using
CMAX for each of those sessions and give
me understanding and ask the agent to
read the session file and then give me
the task which has the most leverage the
most critical task for accomplishing
this uh session and moving u moving on
with the progress. So that's kind of the
problem how can you use now what you're
going to see they can it's going to
spawn uh for each of the session
separate workspaces and it names it in a
way that is easy to track and understand
and also it has initial prompt and right
now my agents are working already on the
task. So you can see this is running and
then this uh agent reads exactly this um
session. So this one was done right. So
there is nothing to do and for this one
it identifies
identify the highest leverage task.
That's good. And uh so we
[clears throat] got all of the responses
and we can ask orchestrator. So
orchestrator is very smart. So it
already reads the screen of those sub
agents and we will come back with a
report. Yeah, I want you to summarize
what's going on uh with all the sessions
in a clear uh manner. Okay. And here's a
breakdown across all of the sessions
which we have and have a crystal clear
understanding what's happening. So now
let's try to do like some work. So of
course it's a demo. So let let's try
let's try to actually do some task. Um
so I want in diagram generation so I
want this agent to uh create a excalid
diagram using excalo skill which is
going to explain this concept of uh
dashboard
uh sessions and workspaces in cmax uh
make it crystal clear and send this task
to another sub agent in the diagram
generation workspace. So this way we can
just okay let's let's handle this task
to another workspace. So this is um I
believe the diagram generation. Okay. So
the agent right now just um uh
[laughter]
it talks to this workspace talk to this
clone code sub agent and then this guy
is right now using this corridor skill
to create a diagram for me. So it sends
this command and let let's wait. So this
way we can kind of simulate we kind of
did some work. So we generated the
diagram and then after that we can keep
track of this in the session file for
the diagram generation. So the agent is
still planning and what I really like
about CMAX is that it has a system of
notification which is very very handy. I
have all of my workspaces here and then
and when there is notification I can
clearly see it on the left. So I think
I'm going to just see this once the
agent finished generation of the
diagram. Now we have this notification
arrived here and we can also take a look
at the using this uh hotkey. So we're
going to see all of our notifications
right here and the time when they fire
and uh also I believe it has a shortcut
to go to the latest notification which
is extremely useful. So let's try to use
a shortcut. Oh, okay. It just brings me
to this workspace. If I use command
shiftu,
okay, and we have a diagram. We have a
diagram. Let's take a look at that. So
that's our diagram. And there you go.
Um, so we have a dashboard uh which has
um a linked session session ABC. So then
we have um those sessions which has a
status backlog active done and they
contain all of the information about
what's going on in the session and then
there is a CMAX workspace connected to
each of the sessions which we have. Now
we can show that we can track the
progress. So let's say uh we have this
uh diagram generation. Okay. Yes, it's
right here. Yes, right here. So, it's
done. Um, now we can talk to the
orchestrator. So, I just want to park as
the session for the diagram generation
documenting our progress using our
handoff skills. So, what's cool about
that? Now ouristator knows about all of
our skills which we have and it's going
to send the command to this diagram
generation u
workspace to park our session. So I
believe so it has a session ID for the
cloud code session and then it's going
to appear right here. So we can always
resume and go back to the to the session
which we are running in cloud code right
now. And uh we have this progress about
okay what we've done in this session.
Okay. So it haven't wrote the session
ID. I just also want to put the session
ID in front matter for the cloud code
because it has this information right
here. So just a matter of uh saying and
providing the context about what you
want to do. So I believe it's going to
write it here. Okay. So that's the one.
And if I ever want to go back to the
session, I can type this one and there
you are. So we have the session restored
on the right and the same session that
you have on the left. We can always tell
back in time and easily you can select
as a context about what we were doing
before now. And you can see how how how
it can scale. We can like say okay I
just want to park
all of my sessions, right? and it's
going to just send all of these requests
to to all of the sessions. Um let's say
we don't want to park 10 agents video
and we don't want to park daily review
uh present plan before executing. So
that's I I want to be on the same page
with a CL code about what we are doing
because I also noticed that sometimes
when you speak and vis flow sometimes
might not transcribe the intent properly
and it might just uh go very badly now.
Okay. So we're going to park all of this
for workspaces and uh yeah so let's do
that. Let's do that. Go. So we are
parking all of that. So it's going to
send those commands. So we're sending
those uh commands and right now the
agent is start working. That's great.
That's very very great. All right. So
and you can get um the CMAX skill uh on
on this website. Um just go there and
download the skill. So and you can do
the same thing which I've I've been just
doing u just talking to a different
workspaces setting up the orchestrator
pattern. uh easily rename the sessions
and understand what's happening. Also,
another thing I I really love that uh I
want to properly rename workspaces uh
with emojis uh so you can quickly
understand and grasp about um what's
happening inside of it. So I I really
love that that you can automatically
rework spaces and you can add emojis
there. That's very very cool. And we go
from those boring names uh to something
that is really exciting. You see, you
can add emojis to your workspaces so you
can have a visual kind of thinking about
what's happening there. Yeah. And that's
really exciting.
And you can also uh if you want to
focus, you can also hide those
workspaces and you can focus in one
terminal. So, and that's uh that's been
Cmax. And now moving on to the full loop
on how to use it on a weekly basis. I
have this daily note. So that's a daily
note which which I do and typically I
plan my day. So and then based on my
daily plan so the orchestrator can read
this plan. So that this guy so it can
read this plan. We can tell okay read my
daily note to understand my intent for
today. And then we want to we can create
a sessions from there or we can ask to
read like those sessions which are we
planned already for this week then okay
so we create those sessions then the
archist spawns for us those workspaces
to do our work and then we can look here
and understand what's the progress here
we can go there and um also like let's
say for this diagram generation and we
can provide the comments
um to the agent and I do that through
let's say u uh the HTML tax let's say
I'm not satisfied with that result with
that diagram I can tell okay so the
diagram is not great so let's redo
something and then when agent um read
this file it's going to see this comment
and this way you can communicate also
and and do changes to the plan of the
agent through this pattern so you can
kind uh verify what's happening and also
comment on the work of agents. Yeah. So
then that's been the whole workflow. So
[laughter]
[clears throat] where we go from chaos
to control before we had this ghosty
terminal or cursor whatever and this
concept of tabs is not really the way to
go. I I was feeling that uh since since
summer I think and now we have CMAX
which is much much better. It has this
workspaces and I added this uh concept
of sessions and the dashboards to it so
it can become like more scalable and
more controllable and integrated with
our obsidian. And that's been really
exciting to to record this video and you
can grab the skill for Zmax right here
link in the description. So, I'll see
you in the next